content/user-research/find-user-research-participants/pop-up.md, before:

---
layout: text/textblock
---

This is a specific form of user research where researchers go into the field and intercept people in context for short interviews or usability tests. Commonly known as ‘guerilla testing’, we prefer the term ‘pop-up’ as guerilla indicates that the research is unauthorised by the agency and we’d like to get your agency on board with research.

Pop-up research works best when you have clear, simple objectives (for example, you want to see if people can find certain guidance or provide specific information).

There are limitations to doing pop-up research (for example, short sessions, random participants, recording problems) so always combine it with other research methods.


### [2]Researching at a venue

If you want to do pop-up research at a specific venue and approach people directly:
- go to a place where your target users are likely to be (for example, a library, college or community group, or service centre)
- get permission to use the area
- try to get a balanced sample of participants

Commit message:

Content fixes to `Find user research participants`

content/user-research/find-user-research-participants/pop-up.md, after:

---
layout: blocks/image_content_block
image: pop-up-research.jpg
title: Pop-up research
reverse: false
imageAlt: this is an image
caption: an example of a pop-up research session.
default: 2
---

Pop-up research is a specific form of user research. Researchers go into the field and intercept people in context for short interviews or usability tests. Commonly known as ‘guerrilla testing’, we prefer the term ‘pop-up’ as guerrilla indicates that the research is unauthorised by the agency and we’d like to get your agency on board with research.

Pop-up research works best when you have clear, simple objectives (for example, you want to see if people can find certain guidance or provide specific information).

There are limitations to doing pop-up research (for example, short sessions, random participants, recording problems) so always combine it with other research methods.

If you want to do pop-up research at a specific venue and approach people directly:
- go to a place where your target users are likely to be (for example, a library, college or community group, or service centre)
- get permission to use the area
- try to get a balanced sample of participants

[Photo of DTU-UTS business case](https://www.flickr.com/photos/135679646@N07/24071928722/in/pool-dto/) by [adrian yee](https://www.flickr.com/photos/135679646@N07/) under [CC BY 2.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.0/).
